main.sh:7: command not found: bun
main.sh:8: command not found: bun
main.sh:9: command not found: bun
main.sh:12: command not found: bun
main.sh:14: command not found: deploy
main.sh:15: command not found: bun
main.sh:7: command not found: bun
main.sh:8: command not found: bun
main.sh:9: command not found: bun
main.sh:12: command not found: bun
main.sh:14: command not found: deploy
main.sh:15: command not found: bun
main.sh:7: command not found: bun
main.sh:8: command not found: bun
main.sh:9: command not found: bun
main.sh:12: command not found: bun
main.sh:14: command not found: deploy
main.sh:15: command not found: bun
zsh:source:1: no such file or directory: /Users/yourusername/.zshrc
zsh:1: command not found: main.sh
zsh:1: command not found: main.sh
$ gh-pages --nojekyll -d output-site
